Document the operator-sdk upgrade  steps (#58)
operator-framework/getting-started: README.md

Build the memcached-operator image and push it to your registry. The following example uses https://quay.io as the registry.

```sh

> $ operator-sdk build quay.io/example/memcached-operator:v0.0.1

Author: I agree 👍

```sh
$ operator-sdk build quay.io/<user>/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
$ sed -i 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/<user>/memcached-operator:v0.0.1|g' deploy/operator.yaml
```

**NOTE** On OSX use:

> ```sh

Reviewer: This change makes it seem like `docker push` should only be run on OSX. 

The Go user guide has a better way: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blame/master/doc/user-guide.md#L237-L248

Author: Done.

## Reference implementation

> Also, please feel free to check an `memcached-operator` project in the SDK [samples repo][repo_sdk_samples_memcached].

Reviewer 2: Whats the motivation for this change? IMO the original was clearer.

Reviewer: Yeah all the inter-repo links and dependencies make this a little problematic since things can change in one place and not in others.

How about this?
```suggestion
The above walkthrough follows a similar implementation process to the one used to produce the `memcached-operator` in the SDK [samples repo][repo_sdk_samples_memcached].
```
